nursey Amerika Amerika Amerika oh where
did that mare go
she was just in there I want to see if
any stallion has contacted me on my
dating web site where did she go
she was just in here err hmm ooh someone
didn't finish eating more for me
America run what are you talking about
America there you are watch it
you're gonna squish me oh I'm sorry no I
I didn't mean to scare you I'm trying to
talk to America well you should be way
more careful where you put your big hubs
oh sorry
America I'm so excited can we please
please please go check my dating profile
I want to know if any stallion has
written me back oh I cannot wait oh I
cannot wait I just want to find a love
of my life my boyfriend oh where are you
where are you please please answer me I
mean he could be waiting right now I
mean I don't want to sound desperate or
anything but can we please go check it
please of course we can go check it hold
your well hold your horses I guess I
should say come on let's go check your
profile yeah yeah yeah I'm so excited oh
my gosh what if I have so many stallions
to pick from what if there's too many
what if I can't decide do I
eat them all what do I do how do I know
which one is the right one for me so
many questions well let's take a look
and see what you got first in your inbox
then we'll decide which one you're gonna
go out with first come on up to the
laptop yes I'm gonna get a stallion all
right let me get you all logged in here
oh my gosh America I am so excited oh I
can't believe it
I mean this could be it there could be a
stallion on there waiting for me I mean
he could be waiting he could be saying
why hasn't she written back yet but here
I am
now's the day today is the day I'm going
to write him and I'm gonna have a
boyfriend I'm so excited all right here
we go
let's check and look into your inbox all
right music made let's look and see how
many signs have written you here we go
what what zero in my inbox what weight
bed America America that doesn't make
sense how how can that be
no stallions are interested in me at all
what did I do wrong what did I do wrong
look there has to be an error somewhere
that just doesn't make any sense
that just doesn't make any sense and are
we sure it's a zero and it's not you
know like an eight that is a zero
America it's a zero know scallion likes
me nobody you know what I'm completely
unloveable I'm undateable I'm never
gonna get a boyfriend never never no
stallion is ever gonna be interested in
the same things as me I guess I'm gonna
have to dumb myself down now
now I'm gonna have to wear bows in my
hair and go to the salon and and and
just walk around with polish hoes and
act all snooty and and I'm not gonna do
that no I'd rather be with nobody no
stallion at all then change myself you
know what screw this website I'm out of
here maybe wait
there has to be an error I don't
understand how can that be
what's wrong with me I'm just gonna be
alone forever I'm just gonna be alone I
can't believe it maybe there you are
I've been looking all over for you I'm
so happy to see you oh my gosh why are
you crying
what's wrong what's wrong wish I know
what will cheer you up
I don't want to be a girlie girl I don't
seem so I think someone all the Stynes
one I don't want to do it look I don't
know what you're talking about but here
this will cheer you up
I got you a bowl for your tail now we
can match look you don't understand
maybe how to get out of there oh gosh
why is it that everyone has a boyfriend
but me my just that unlovable I just I
just can't believe it I just wanna well
at least now I can be alone with my
thoughts I'm not going to go back on
that stupid website
stupid now I'll just have some peace and
quiet huh
let's stop kissing run had enough you
know what fine whatever maybe the
universe is sending me a signal fine so
want me to have a boyfriend fine
that's it I'm gonna go out with the
first guy who asked me out right now
fine I will just I'll just give up and
I'll just I'll just do it
I'll just date anyone anyone at all huh
now what Hey
huh hey I'll go out with you but you're
at you're a goat so what you'd never
seen a goat before no I seen a goat
before of course I mean I am a horse but
uh hey you told the joke you said a
horse of course yeah real funny um real
funny
so do you want to go down with me are
you saying go or goat what I said good
you want to go down with me fine
we're in what time we'll go to get
something to eat how could I pick you up
tonight at 8:00
fine pick me up at 8:00 then all right
I'm looking forward to the date Thanks
should be interesting